Alembic Database Migrations
This project uses Alembic for database migrations.
To apply database migrations or create new ones, follow these steps:

1)Ensure that the virtual environment is activated.

2)Generate a new migration script based on the changes you made to the models:
    alembic revision --autogenerate -m "Your migration message"

3)Apply the database migrations:
    alembic upgrade head

Base commands:

* alembic init

    Initializes a new Alembic migration environment in the current directory.
    This command creates a alembic.ini configuration file and a alembic directory
    with version and migration scripts.

* alembic revision --autogenerate -m "message"

    Generates a new migration script automatically based on the changes
    detected in the models or database schema. The migration script is
    created in the alembic/versions directory with a unique identifier.
    Provide a meaningful message to describe the changes made.

* alembic upgrade head

    Applies all available migrations to the latest version. This command
    runs all migration scripts that haven't been applied yet, bringing
    the database schema up to date with the latest version defined in
    the migration scripts.

* alembic upgrade <revision>

    Applies a specific migration identified by its revision ID.
    Use this command to upgrade the database to a specific
    migration version.

* alembic downgrade <revision>

    Rolls back the most recent migration or a specific migration identified
    by its revision ID. This command reverts the database schema to the
    state before applying the specified migration.

* alembic current

    Shows the current revision and the latest revision of the database.
    This command displays the current migration version of the database and
    the latest migration version available in the migration scripts.

* alembic history

    Displays a list of applied migrations along with their revision
    IDs and messages. This command provides an overview of the migration
    history of the database.

* alembic show <revision>

    Shows the details of a specific migration identified by its revision
    ID. This command displays information about the specified migration,
    including the revision ID, the author, the timestamp, and the migration
    script.

* alembic stamp <revision>

    Manually sets the current database revision without running any
    migration scripts. Use this command to mark a specific migration as
    applied without actually executing it.

These are just a few of the commonly used Alembic commands.
The specific commands and their usage may vary depending on your project's
configuration and requirements. For more detailed information, refer to the
official Alembic documentation: https://alembic.sqlalchemy.org
